toDo.md, before:

Short “architectural reality check”

backend (NODE Express)
    Running in productive mode on a VPS (IONOS) on port 3000, connected to MongoDB.
    linked with 2 domains: https://antaligyongyi.hu/api (primary), https://yowayoli.com/api
    hosted with nginx, nginx controlled the /api tag.
Nuxt-Backend (Nuxt server routes):
    Auth, blog, products, newsletter, stats, users ect... endpoints are structured and done.
    At the future (if the frontend finished and deployed on vps) the backend and frontend will be running on same VPS in productive system, frontend on port:3000 backend on port:4000 within the NODE backend will be not any more visible for others, only for frontend.
Frontend:
    Nuxt 4 SSR, Vuetify, n18n, Tailwind and component based design ✔️
    The composables useAuth, useContent are integrated, the others (blog, product, newsletter, user) not yet.
    The content pictures are stored on upload directory of NODE backend server, in the nuxt.config.ts is an a environmental variable defined for reach out that:
    runtimeConfig: {
        public: {
            backendBase: process.env.BACKEND_BASE_URL || 'https://antaligyongyi.hu/api'
        }
    }

Tasks are done:

Architect:
- .env ✔️
- .gitignore ✔️
- nuxt.config.ts ✔️
- tailwind.config.js ✔️
- /composable/useAuth.ts ✔️
- /composable/useBlog.ts ✔️
- /composable/useChartDrawer.ts ✔️
- /composable/useContent.ts ✔️
- /composable/useProducts.ts ✔️
- /composable/useProductsAdmin.ts ✔️
- /middleware/auth.ts ✔️
- /server/auth/login.post.ts ✔️
- /server/auth/logout.post.ts ✔️
- /server/auth/me.get.ts ✔️
- /server/auth/register.post.ts ✔️
- /server/content/[section]/language.get.ts ✔️
- /server/content/[section]/language.put.ts ✔️
- /server/content/upload.post.ts ✔️
- /server/content-upload/index.post.ts ✔️
- /server/email/send.post.ts ✔️
- /server/images/[filename].delete.ts ✔️
- /server/images/index.get.ts ✔️
- /server/track/click/[emailid].get.ts ✔️
- /server/track/open/[emailid].get.ts ✔️
- /server/upload/index.post.ts ✔️
- /layouts/default.vue ✔️
- install and config i18n ✔️
- create /i18n/locales/hu.ts + de.ts + en.ts ✔️
- /components/MyHeader.vue ✔️
- /components/MyFooter.vue ✔️
- chart.js installed ✔️
- /components/charts/LineChart.vue + BarChart.vue ✔️
- Email sending for user and admin bei one slot reservation ✔️

Landing Page (public page):
- /components/GeneralHeroSection.vue ✔️
- /components/sectionSeparator ✔️
- /components/GenericImageTextSection ✔️
- /components/GenericTextSection ✔️
- /components/GenericFeedbackSection ✔️
- /components/GenericContactSection ✔️
- /components/GenericBlogSection ✔️
- /pages/index.vue --> landing page create from generic items, Tailwind, SSR content loader fine tuning ✔️
- /pages/blog/index.vue --> Blog overview ✔️
- /pages/blog/[id].vue --> Blog details view ✔️
- SSR safe user status, stabilized duo to useRequestHeaders(['cookie']) ✔️
- menu links are ssr safe fixed ✔️
- backend: install stripe api + add order routes + webhook --> paying due to service provider stripe --> in sandbox running well ✔️
- password forgoten --> backend user.controller and routes, frontend, link in pages/login.vue ✔️
    - backend/controllers/user.controller.js: add forgoten-passwor and password-reset functions ✔️
    - frontend/pages/forgot-password.vue ✔️
    - frontend/pages/reset-password.vue ✔️
- create General Terms and Conditions (inclusive therms of Services, with the usage of digital content) ✔️
- create data privacy pollicie ✔️
- /pages/products/index.vue --> filter the product for language - product has to be language relevant ✔️

Admin functions:
- access control for admin dashboard and pages realized ✔️
- /pages/admin/blog/index.vue --> admin blog post list with edit, delete + create ✔️
- /pages/admin/blog/create.vue --> admin blog post create  ✔️
    - add upload of educations material (pdf file) and link in products database ✔️
    - add upload education video to Bunny Stream or Vimeo Pro and link it in the database ✔️
- backend endpoints for product created (router, model) ✔️
- backend checkout, with stripe module created  ✔️
- /pages/admin/products/index.vue --> admin product overview (list with paginator, sort, filter, delete, edit) ✔️
- /pages/admin/products/create.vue --> admin product create or edit ✔️
- /pages/admin/user/index.vue --> Admin user management (list with paginator, sort, filter, edit, delete + create button)  ✔️
- /pages/admin/images/index.vue --> Admin images management (list in mosaic with name, delete button)  ✔️
- /pages/admin/newsletter/index.vue --> admin newsletter management (list of newsletters with status and figures , paginator, filter, sort)  ✔️
- /pages/admin/newsletter/create.vue --> admin newsletter template creator  ✔️
- /pages/admin/newsletter/schedule.vue --> admin newsletter scheduler  ✔️
- /pages/admin/coaching/index.vue --> overview of scheduled coaching sections in calender + create new slots button  ✔️
- /pages/admin/coaching/create.vue --> crate new coaching slot in calendar  ✔️
- /pages/admin/index.vue --> admin dashboard  ✔️
    - statistics  ✔️
    - funnel  ✔️
    - pageviews  ✔️
    - newsletter + performance  ✔️
- /pages/admin/cibersecu.vue --> admin cyber security dashboard  ✔️
- Branding design setup:
    - all commponents cleaned from direct coloring, we use only: ✔️
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.primary = s.primaryColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.secondary = s.accentColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.background = s.backgroundColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.surface = s.backgroundColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.info = s.accentColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.success = s.accentColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.warning = s.accentColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.error = s.primaryColor
    - /plugins/brand-theme-client.ts + define brandTheme in nuxt.config.ts ✔️
    - /components/BrandThemeUpdater.vue + insert in layouts/default.vue ✔️
    - /composable/useBrand + server/admin/brand.get.ts + server/admin/brand.put.ts ✔️
- pages/admim/brand/index.vue ✔️
- /pages/admin/products/create.vue --> add the language to product creating or edit - product has to be language relevant ✔️
- admin has to be complete the booking slots, the frontend is missing, but the backend has already an a endpoint for that PUT:booking/complete/:id (verifyAdmin) ✔️

User functions:
- /pages/products/index.vue --> Product overview site with searching(picture, name, short description, price on v-card) ✔️
- /pages/products/[id].vue --> Product site with details and buy ✔️
- /components/CartDrawer.vue + add to default layout --> Shopping Cart (basket) ✔️
- /pages/checkout/success.vue + cancel.vue + proxy + backend routes --> checkout process is correct ✔️
- /pages/user/index.vue --> dashboard is done ✔️
- /pages/user/products.vue --> User my products view is done  ✔️
- /pages/register.vue --> registering new user ✔️
- /pages/user/profile.vue --> Settings Account settings: change billing adders ...  ✔️
- /components/GenericScheduler.vue --> schedule coaching slot in calender according the availability  ✔️
- /pages/user/product/[id].vue --> User product view: download pdf, scheduling multiple coaching section  ✔️
- /pages/user/product/[id].vue --> integrate bunny video player in product view ✔️
- User dashboard (/pages/user/index.vue) is extended with list of booked coaching ✔️
- /pages/user/profile --> add cancel end profile delete function ✔️

Bugs:
    critical:
        - none
    Warnings:
        - none

Tasks are open:
→ GenericScheduler.vue dont has to be show the reserved slots (just showing)
→ billing with stripe? acc eu billing roulles (billing from Germany to Hungary)
→→→→→→ GO LIVE:
    - deploy frontend from github to VPS
    - integrate the new frontend into pm2
    - change nginx.config
    - restrart server
    - delete old static vue frontend

Commit message:

add subscribe page and bugfix by newsletter

toDo.md, after:

Short “architectural reality check”

backend (NODE Express)
    Running in productive mode on a VPS (IONOS) on port 3000, connected to MongoDB.
    linked with 2 domains: https://antaligyongyi.hu/api (primary), https://yowayoli.com/api
    hosted with nginx, nginx controlled the /api tag.
Nuxt-Backend (Nuxt server routes):
    Auth, blog, products, newsletter, stats, users ect... endpoints are structured and done.
    At the future (if the frontend finished and deployed on vps) the backend and frontend will be running on same VPS in productive system, frontend on port:3000 backend on port:4000 within the NODE backend will be not any more visible for others, only for frontend.
Frontend:
    Nuxt 4 SSR, Vuetify, n18n, Tailwind and component based design ✔️
    The composables useAuth, useContent are integrated, the others (blog, product, newsletter, user) not yet.
    The content pictures are stored on upload directory of NODE backend server, in the nuxt.config.ts is an a environmental variable defined for reach out that:
    runtimeConfig: {
        public: {
            backendBase: process.env.BACKEND_BASE_URL || 'https://antaligyongyi.hu/api'
        }
    }

Tasks are done:

Architect:
- .env ✔️
- .gitignore ✔️
- nuxt.config.ts ✔️
- tailwind.config.js ✔️
- /composable/useAuth.ts ✔️
- /composable/useBlog.ts ✔️
- /composable/useChartDrawer.ts ✔️
- /composable/useContent.ts ✔️
- /composable/useProducts.ts ✔️
- /composable/useProductsAdmin.ts ✔️
- /middleware/auth.ts ✔️
- /server/auth/login.post.ts ✔️
- /server/auth/logout.post.ts ✔️
- /server/auth/me.get.ts ✔️
- /server/auth/register.post.ts ✔️
- /server/content/[section]/language.get.ts ✔️
- /server/content/[section]/language.put.ts ✔️
- /server/content/upload.post.ts ✔️
- /server/content-upload/index.post.ts ✔️
- /server/email/send.post.ts ✔️
- /server/images/[filename].delete.ts ✔️
- /server/images/index.get.ts ✔️
- /server/track/click/[emailid].get.ts ✔️
- /server/track/open/[emailid].get.ts ✔️
- /server/upload/index.post.ts ✔️
- /layouts/default.vue ✔️
- install and config i18n ✔️
- create /i18n/locales/hu.ts + de.ts + en.ts ✔️
- /components/MyHeader.vue ✔️
- /components/MyFooter.vue ✔️
- chart.js installed ✔️
- /components/charts/LineChart.vue + BarChart.vue ✔️
- Email sending for user and admin bei one slot reservation ✔️

Landing Page (public page):
- /components/GeneralHeroSection.vue ✔️
- /components/sectionSeparator ✔️
- /components/GenericImageTextSection ✔️
- /components/GenericTextSection ✔️
- /components/GenericFeedbackSection ✔️
- /components/GenericContactSection ✔️
- /components/GenericBlogSection ✔️
- /pages/index.vue --> landing page create from generic items, Tailwind, SSR content loader fine tuning ✔️
- /pages/blog/index.vue --> Blog overview ✔️
- /pages/blog/[id].vue --> Blog details view ✔️
- SSR safe user status, stabilized duo to useRequestHeaders(['cookie']) ✔️
- menu links are ssr safe fixed ✔️
- backend: install stripe api + add order routes + webhook --> paying due to service provider stripe --> in sandbox running well ✔️
- password forgoten --> backend user.controller and routes, frontend, link in pages/login.vue ✔️
    - backend/controllers/user.controller.js: add forgoten-passwor and password-reset functions ✔️
    - frontend/pages/forgot-password.vue ✔️
    - frontend/pages/reset-password.vue ✔️
- create General Terms and Conditions (inclusive therms of Services, with the usage of digital content) ✔️
- create data privacy pollicie ✔️
- /pages/products/index.vue --> filter the product for language - product has to be language relevant ✔️
- Frontend/components/MyFooter.vue --> insta icon has to be recolored to insta color (i think R:215,G:96,B:183) ✔️

Admin functions:
- access control for admin dashboard and pages realized ✔️
- /pages/admin/blog/index.vue --> admin blog post list with edit, delete + create ✔️
- /pages/admin/blog/create.vue --> admin blog post create  ✔️
    - add upload of educations material (pdf file) and link in products database ✔️
    - add upload education video to Bunny Stream or Vimeo Pro and link it in the database ✔️
- backend endpoints for product created (router, model) ✔️
- backend checkout, with stripe module created  ✔️
- /pages/admin/products/index.vue --> admin product overview (list with paginator, sort, filter, delete, edit) ✔️
- /pages/admin/products/create.vue --> admin product create or edit ✔️
- /pages/admin/user/index.vue --> Admin user management (list with paginator, sort, filter, edit, delete + create button)  ✔️
- /pages/admin/images/index.vue --> Admin images management (list in mosaic with name, delete button)  ✔️
- /pages/admin/newsletter/index.vue --> admin newsletter management (list of newsletters with status and figures , paginator, filter, sort)  ✔️
- /pages/admin/newsletter/create.vue --> admin newsletter template creator  ✔️
- /pages/admin/newsletter/schedule.vue --> admin newsletter scheduler  ✔️
- /pages/admin/coaching/index.vue --> overview of scheduled coaching sections in calender + create new slots button  ✔️
- /pages/admin/coaching/create.vue --> crate new coaching slot in calendar  ✔️
- /pages/admin/index.vue --> admin dashboard  ✔️
    - statistics  ✔️
    - funnel  ✔️
    - pageviews  ✔️
    - newsletter + performance  ✔️
- /pages/admin/cibersecu.vue --> admin cyber security dashboard  ✔️
- Branding design setup:
    - all commponents cleaned from direct coloring, we use only: ✔️
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.primary = s.primaryColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.secondary = s.accentColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.background = s.backgroundColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.surface = s.backgroundColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.info = s.accentColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.success = s.accentColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.warning = s.accentColor
        - theme.themes.value.brandTheme.colors.error = s.primaryColor
    - /plugins/brand-theme-client.ts + define brandTheme in nuxt.config.ts ✔️
    - /components/BrandThemeUpdater.vue + insert in layouts/default.vue ✔️
    - /composable/useBrand + server/admin/brand.get.ts + server/admin/brand.put.ts ✔️
- pages/admim/brand/index.vue ✔️
- /pages/admin/products/create.vue --> add the language to product creating or edit - product has to be language relevant ✔️
- admin has to be complete the booking slots, the frontend is missing, but the backend has already an a endpoint for that PUT:booking/complete/:id (verifyAdmin) ✔️

User functions:
- /pages/products/index.vue --> Product overview site with searching(picture, name, short description, price on v-card) ✔️
- /pages/products/[id].vue --> Product site with details and buy ✔️
- /components/CartDrawer.vue + add to default layout --> Shopping Cart (basket) ✔️
- /pages/checkout/success.vue + cancel.vue + proxy + backend routes --> checkout process is correct ✔️
- /pages/user/index.vue --> dashboard is done ✔️
- /pages/user/products.vue --> User my products view is done  ✔️
- /pages/register.vue --> registering new user ✔️
- /pages/user/profile.vue --> Settings Account settings: change billing adders ...  ✔️
- /components/GenericScheduler.vue --> schedule coaching slot in calender according the availability  ✔️
- /pages/user/product/[id].vue --> User product view: download pdf, scheduling multiple coaching section  ✔️
- /pages/user/product/[id].vue --> integrate bunny video player in product view ✔️
- User dashboard (/pages/user/index.vue) is extended with list of booked coaching ✔️
- /pages/user/profile --> add cancel end profile delete function ✔️

Bugs:
    critical:
        - none
    Warnings:
        - none

Tasks are open:
→ extra site for newsletter subscribe: frontend/pages/subscribe.vue (Gyöngyi will be distribute one subscribe link in social medien)
→ GenericScheduler.vue dont has to be show the reserved slots (just showing)
→ billing with stripe? acc eu billing roulles (billing from Germany to Hungary)
→ welcome newsletter package for newcommers: 5-6 newsletters scheduled in weekly (o rtwo per week) after registration with pre defined content acc. sales rolues
→→→→→→ GO LIVE:
    - deploy frontend from github to VPS
    - integrate the new frontend into pm2
    - change nginx.config
    - restrart server
    - delete old static vue frontend
